.\"/*
.\" * All rights reserved
.\" *Copyright (c) [Year] [name of copyright holder]
.\" *[Software Name] is licensed under Mulan PSL v2.
.\" *You can use this software according to the terms and conditions of the Mulan PSL v2.
.\" *You may obtain a copy of Mulan PSL v2 at:
.\" *         http://license.coscl.org.cn/MulanPSL2
.\" *THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND,
.\" *EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO NON-INFRINGEMENT,
.\" *MERCHANTABILITY OR FIT FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
.\" */
.\".
.TH "keentune-brain" "8" "5 May 2022" "OpenAnolis KeenTune SIG" "KeenTune"
.SH NAME
KeenTune-brain - AI tuning Engine of 'KeenTune' system parameter optimization product
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBKeenTune-brain\fP
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBKeenTune-brain\fR KeenTune-brain is an AI tuning Engine of 'KeenTune' system parameter optimization product. KeenTune-brain implements a variety of intelligent tuning algorithms. It iterates between generating a candidate configuration and receiving the corresponding evaluation result from the Keentune-bench. It finally recommend the optimal parameter configuration. Its core methods include init, acquire, feedback, and best.
.
.SH "init"
Initialize the optimizer.
.
.SH "acquire"
Acquire a configuration candidate.
.
.SH "feedback"
Feedback the benchmark performance score of applying the latest configuration candidate.
.
.SH "best"
Get the optimal configuration.
.
.SH "end"
Stop the optimizer.
.
.SH "Run"
.
.TP
\fBsystemctl start keentune-brain.service\fR
.
.SH "FILES"
.nf
/etc/keentune
.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP
keentune-brain.conf(5)

.SH "BUGS"
Report bugs at: https://gitee.com/anolis/keentuned/issues
                                                                                                                                                                                                1,1          顶端
